Update Openstack installation r2 (#111)
nephio-project/docs: content/en/docs/guides/install-guides/install-on-openstack.md

Override the default Ansible values and run the installation script in 
*test-infra\e2e\provision\init.sh* by changing the k8s.context with your

```kubectl config get-contexts```

then run:
```bash
wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nephio-project/test-infra/main/e2e/provision/init.sh | \
sudo \
NEPHIO_DEBUG=true \
NEPHIO_BRANCH=main \
NEPHIO_USER=$USER \
NEPHIO_RUN_E2E=false \
ANSIBLE_CMD_EXTRA_VAR_LIST="k8s.context=kubernetes-admin@cluster.local kind.enable=false host_min_vcpu=4 host_min_cpu_ram=8" \
bash
```
- - - -

> **_NOTE:_** The Ansible script will try to install some utilities, if for example the script fails to uninstall them first, you can manually delete them and re-run the script.
```find /usr/lib/python* -type f -name "PyYAML*"``` and ```sudo rm /usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/PyYAML-5.3.1.egg-info```

### Manual Installation of the management cluster using kpt

- [Common Components](/content/en/docs/guides/install-guides/common-components.md)
- [Common Dependencies](/content/en/docs/guides/install-guides/common-dependencies.md)

## Manual Installation of the Edge cluster using kpt

> Install rootsync CRD from:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install config-sync using:

```

Author: I meant to say *catalog\nephio\core\configsync\rootsync-crd.yaml* inside configsync package

I remember before rootsync-crd was in rootsync package.

```
Get the Roosync kpt package and edit it:
```bash
kpt pkg get https://github.com/nephio-project/catalog.git/nephio/optional/rootsync@main
```

Change *./rootsync/rootsync.yaml* and point spec.git.repo to the edge git repository
```yaml
 spec:
   sourceFormat: unstructured
   git:
    repo: <http url of your edge repo>
     branch: main
     auth: none
```
Deploy the modified configsync
```bash
kpt live init rootsync
kpt live apply rootsync --reconcile-timeout=15m --output=table
```

## Configure Management Cluster to manage Edge Cluster
Get a [GitHub token](https://docs.github.com/en/authentication/keeping-your-account-and-data-secure/managing-your-personal-access-tokens#fine-grained-personal-access-tokens) if your repository is private, or allow Porch to make modifications.

Register the edge repository using kpt cli or nephio web-ui.
```bash
GITHUB_USERNAME=<Github Username>
GITHUB_TOKEN=<GitHub Token>

kpt alpha repo register \
  --namespace default \
  --repo-basic-username=${GITHUB_USERNAME} \
  --repo-basic-password=${GITHUB_TOKEN} \
  --create-branch=true \
  --deployment=true \
  <http url of your edge repo>
```

## Deploy packages to the edge clusters

> Using the web-ui add a new deployment with destination the edge cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the web-ui, add a new deployment to the edge workload cluster.

```

---

> title: OpenStack deployment management

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Nephio manual deployment on multiple VMs
```

description: >

>   OpenStack Multi-Cluster Deployment Management with Nephio

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  Nephio manual deployment on different VMs
```

weight: 7
---

## Prerequisites

* OpenStack Cluster Management (master)

>   * 4 vCPU

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* OpenStack Cluster Management (master)
  * 4 vCPU
  * 8 GB RAM
  * Kubernetes version 1.26+

* OpenStack Cluster Edge n
  * 2 vCPU 1 NODE
  * 4 GB RAM
  * Kubernetes version 1.26+
  
* KPT beta [releases](https://github.com/kptdev/kpt/releases)
```

> * OpenStack Cluster Management (master)
> 
>   * 4 vCPU
>   * 8 GB RAM
> 
>   * Kubernetes version 1.26+
> * OpenStack Cluster Edge n
> 
>   * 2 vCPU 1 NODE
>   * 4 GB RAM
>   * Kubernetes version 1.26+
> * KPT beta [releases](https://github.com/kptdev/kpt/releases)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* OpenStack Cluster Management (master)

  * 4 vCPU
  * 8 GB RAM
  * Kubernetes version 1.26+
  
* OpenStack Cluster Edge n

  * 2 vCPU 1 NODE
  * 4 GB RAM
  * Kubernetes version 1.26+

* KPT beta [releases](https://github.com/kptdev/kpt/releases)

```

Override the default Ansible values and run the installation script in 
*test-infra\e2e\provision\init.sh* by changing the k8s.context with your

```kubectl config get-contexts```

then run:
```bash

> wget -qO- https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nephio-project/test-infra/main/e2e/provision/init.sh | \
> sudo \
> NEPHIO_DEBUG=true \
> NEPHIO_BRANCH=main \
> NEPHIO_USER=$USER \
> NEPHIO_RUN_E2E=false \
> ANSIBLE_CMD_EXTRA_VAR_LIST="k8s.context=kubernetes-admin@cluster.local kind.enable=false host_min_vcpu=4 host_min_cpu_ram=8" \
> bash

Reviewer 2: `NEPHIO_RUN_E2E` is false by [default](https://github.com/nephio-project/test-infra/blob/main/e2e/provision/init.sh#L57)

`NEPHIO_BRANCH` is main by [default](https://github.com/nephio-project/test-infra/blob/main/e2e/provision/init.sh#L59)

I'd suggest to not enable debug for simplicity

```suggestion
export NEPHIO_USER=$USER
export ANSIBLE_CMD_EXTRA_VAR_LIST="k8s.context=kubernetes-admin@cluster.local kind.enable=false host_min_vcpu=4 host_min_cpu_ram=8"

curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/nephio-project/test-infra/main/e2e/provision/init.sh | sudo -E bash
```

```
- - - -

> **_NOTE:_** The Ansible script will try to install some utilities, if for example the script fails to uninstall them first, you can manually delete them and re-run the script.

> ```find /usr/lib/python* -type f -name "PyYAML*"``` and ```sudo rm /usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/PyYAML-5.3.1.egg-info```

Reviewer 2: These instructions need to be included in test infra, maybe somewhere around [here](https://github.com/nephio-project/test-infra/blob/main/e2e/provision/install_sandbox.sh#L25)
